Cal: Maggie?
Maggie. Maggie!
Maggie!
Maggie. where are you?
Maggie? Maggie!
I'm here.
Hey. Hey.
Hey.
I got you. I got you.
You're going to be
okay. I got you.
♪ Is this as good
as it's gonna get? ♪
♪ I've given all I can give ♪
♪ But the rivers still
get wider. wider ♪
♪ We've been here all along ♪
♪ Through the
valleys. we carry on ♪
♪ The journey takes
us higher. higher ♪
♪ This could be your home.
if we try to build it ♪
♪ This could be your life
that's one in a million ♪
♪ All the hard times.
yeah. they were worth it ♪
♪ Time and time and time again ♪
Frank: That's not right.
You're just a little
confused right now.
They never found the
person who hit Lola.
No. Frank.
I'll never be able to forget
seeing her lying there.
But you're the one
that called for help.
The cops knew me.
Assumed I was the
first one to find her.
Didn't notice I'd been drinking.
When I got back from rehab.
they'd already written
it off as a hit-and-run.
Spent all those years trying
to make it up to her. Frank.
But how could I?
All the pain and suffering
that she went through
because of me.
I could have been
there for you. Sully.
Well. I didn't want to
drag you into it. Frank.
Guilt is like a poison.
It eats you from the inside out.
What happened?
Looks like you had a little
run-in with a tree branch.
Oh.
I'm going to call Rafe. He
was helping me look for you.
Cal to Rafe.
- Yeah. Go for Rafe.
- I found Maggie.
She was unconscious by my cabin.
But she's awake
and coherent now.
I'm going to let her
rest up at my place.
Cal. just keep
her up and talking
in case she's got a concussion.
- Copy that.
- Maggie: Let me talk to him.
Rafe. it's Maggie.
I was with one of
the campers. Pete.
He's a war vet with PTSD.
We were headed
back to the Outpost
when his dog. Molly. took off.
He's probably still out
there looking for her.
Okay. Got it.
Yeah. Don't worry.
I'll find him.
Oh. Rafe. when you do find him.
let him know we have Molly.
He'll be worried about her.
All right. Copy that.
You two stay safe.
I should probably get
us some dry clothes.
Hey. Cal?
Thanks for coming after me.
Sydney: Hey. Are you okay?
Are we safe in here?
Yeah. We should be.
Hopefully. this'll be over soon.
I hate storms. too.
- You do?
- Mm-hmm.
Just because I'm a grown-up
doesn't mean I don't get scared.
I'm glad you're here with us.
There you go.
Whew!
Swapped out the propane tank.
Think we should be
good for a while.
- Thank you. Rob.
- Mm-hmm.
Ah.
Did you know that Auntie
Syd's afraid of storms. too?
Oh. yeah. She has been
ever since we were kids.
Mm-hmm.
You tell him about the time
you hid in Mum's closet?
- Oh. yeah.
- Here you go.
Think I was seven or
eight at the time.
Your dad never left my side.
Mm-hmm. Sat outside that closet
for hours. Told her
stories. Played my guitar.
Your dad was the best big
brother a girl could have.
Always took good care of me.
How come you had to take
care of him when Mom died?
Let me take those.
Thanks.
I think those will
dry in no time.
Hey. girl. Hi.
When I found Pete. he was having
a full-blown PTSD episode.
Thought he was back
in Afghanistan.
It was heartbreaking to watch.
He should be with his family.
I can't imagine what he
went through over there.
I know first-hand
from my brother
how hard it can be for a war vet
to open up. They think they're
protecting their family
from finding out what
they went through.
How it changed them.
I just wish he wasn't so alone.
Uh. you want to come over here?
It's. uh. warmer.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Ah.
Oh. Must have cut
myself when I fell.
Uh. do you have a first-aid kit?
Oh. one sec.
Here we go.
All right.
May I?
Sure.
Does it hurt?
No.
I'm just not used to having
someone look after me.
Maybe it's time you change that.
Here we go.
Good as new.
Thank you.
How would you feel
about some tea?
Power's out.
I'm resourceful. remember?
Rafe : Rafe for Cal.
Yeah. Go for Cal.
Pete's safe. We're back
at the Outpost now.
Cal: Copy that. I'll
let Maggie know.
Where's Maggie?
- With Cal at his cabin.
- Is she all right?
Sounds like she might
have a slight concussion.
but she seemed okay when I
spoke to her over the radio.
What was she thinking.
going out there?
Pete: It was my fault.
She was helping me
look for my dog.
Oh. Well. the important
is you're both safe.
Connie to Rafe.
Yeah. Connie. Go for Rafe.
I heard from Otter Lake Rescue.
Their team saw Frank's truck
about two hours from here.
Oh! Thank goodness.
Connie: They're gonna send
somebody to look for him
and call me when
they have an update.
You want me to head
up there? Lend a hand?
Connie: No the roads are
flooding. It's not safe.
But I'm going to need you
to come back here and
help me set up blockades.
Copy that.
Edna: Okay!
Good news. Let's
get you warmed up.
Okay.
I don't want you
going back out there.
Well. I have to. Syd.
Well. just promise
me you'll be careful.
Yeah. Of course.
What was that for?
Luck.
Well. thank you.
You sure you won't feel
more comfortable in bed?
It wouldn't help.
Is the baby kicking?
It's probably just
Braxton Hicks.
- Braxton Hicks?
- Yeah.
False lab our pains.
My doctor told me stress
can bring them on.
You're amazing. and I love you.
but you've got to stop
scaring me like that.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Maggie.
Remember what Rafe
said. No sleeping.
I can't seem to stay awake.
One second.
I've got an idea.
Oh. no. I'm way too worried
about Frank and Sully
to be playing games. Cal.
I get that. I do.
But there's nothing you
can do about it now.
and we need to keep you awake.
Besides.
it might help keep
your mind off things.
Maybe a distraction
would be a good thing.
I just hope they're okay.
Looks like this is going
to be a long night. Here.
- Thank you. Edna.
- Mm-hmm.
And there's a cot in
the back for Finn.
Want to help me bring it in?
Yep.
What's wrong with him?
Looks like he's afraid
of the storm. too.
Hi.
Rob: Edna told me you served.
Yeah. Uh. three
tours in Afghanistan.
- You serve. too?
- No. no.
But I have friends who did.
I'm Rob. by the way.
This is my son. Finn.
Uh. well. pleased
to meet you. Finn.
I'm Pete.
Are you afraid of the storm?
Yeah. A little bit.
Do you want to play a game?
What were you thinking?
Rock-paper-scissors?
My daughter used to love
to play that game with me.
back when I still
lived with her.
And where is she now?
She's with her mother.
How come you don't
live with them anymore?
Finn. that's enough.
Uh. I tried to reconnect
with her and her mother
after I came back.
but it was hard
and I don't think I
did a very good job.
Finn: One. two. three.
One. two. three. One. two.
Checkmate.
That's three times in a row.
How'd you get to be so good?
It was the only game Walter
would play with me growing up.
He sounds like a fun guy.
He was busy.
Why chess?
He thought that
it would teach me
to stay calm under pressure.
He thinks that control
is the key to happiness.
You don't actually believe
that. though. right?
Well. I'd rather have
control of my life
than leave it up to chance.
But isn't life all
about taking chances?
♪ ...swing let the
years pass through ♪
Your move.
Are you going to tell
me what's on your mind?
I can't stop thinking
about what Finn said.
About how you been
taking care of me.
Ah. he didn't mean
anything by it. Rob.
I know.
but he wasn't wrong.
When you came back
from New York.
you needed me.
I'm your big brother. and
I wasn't there for you.
You had just lost Sarah.
It was a difficult time.
It was for you. too.
Yeah. Well. taking
care of you and Finn
gave me something
else to focus on.
That's one of the reasons
why I hired Clover.
I know.
And if I'm being honest.
I didn't leave because of that.
Then why'd you leave?
Finn called me "Mom."
He did?
When I was tucking him in.
He probably didn't mean
anything by it. but
maybe I'm the reason you two
are having trouble connecting.
It's not you. Syd.
Then what is it?
He looks so much like Sarah.
The storm's over.
We're going to be okay.
How am I going to
tell her. Frank?
She's already been
through so much.
What's it going to do to
Lola when she finds out that
the one person she
trusts in this world
is the person responsible
for her accident?
You have to find a way.
so both of you can finally heal.
Just need a little
time to figure out how.
You two boys Frank Cranebear
and Sully Sullivan?
I saw your truck out front.
There's a whole lot of
people over in Timberlake
that'd be happy to see you.
Battery's dead.
Oh. I'll bring my truck around.
Give you a boost.
And you can follow me
to the comfort centre
till the roads clear up.
Time to stop running
from your problems.
- God.
- Hmm.
Well. it looks like we
made it through the night
without you falling asleep.
And I got to tell you. I thought
I was pretty good at this game.
Did you play a lot?
Back when I was in law school.
What made you want
to be a lawyer?
I guess I loved the idea
of helping people find justice.
That's very noble.
Must have made you feel good.
It would've. but being
a defence attorney
at a big firm can be
pretty impersonal.
So. what are you going to do
now you've decided to stay here?
Jury's still out on that one.
Whatever it is.
I still want to make a
difference in people's lives.
Doesn't it bother you.
not having a plan?
I used to think you needed one.
But now I know that
life's got a way
of showing you what your
next move's going to be.
as long as you're
open to seeing it.
♪ Why do I fall for you? ♪
♪ Why give it all for you? ♪
♪ And lose myself ♪
♪ Inside of you ♪
♪ Why do I fall for you? ♪
♪ Nobody else but you ♪
♪ I don't want to know ♪
♪ The truth ♪
♪ Why do I fall? ♪
Rafe: Hey. Rafe to Cal.
- Hey. Rafe. It's Maggie.
- Hey. Maggie.
We got the all-clear
from Connie.
Thanks for letting us know.
Rafe: Listen. Maggie.
They found Frank and
Sully. They're okay.
Oh. thank God.
Where are they?
Rafe: They're at
a comfort centre.
Just waiting till it's
safe to come back.
That's great news.
Rafe: Oh. and Edna
told me to tell you
that Pete's doing better. and
he's gone back to his trailer
to wait for Molly.
Thanks. Rafe.
Uh...
I'll go back to the Outpost
to wait for Sully. then.
I'll get Molly back to Pete.
- And your jeans.
- Yeah.
Dry as a bone.
372 Meteorologist: Power is
being restored around Halifax.
but storm damage is widespread.
Residents are encouraged
to stay off the roads
until further notice.
And now. over to
There's still no signal.
I really think that we should
drive her to the hospital.
They just said to
stay off the roads.
I know. but I really think
that she should see someone.
It's just Braxton Hicks.
- Uh. John. honey?
- Huh?
I don't think it's
Braxton Hicks anymore.
What makes you so sure?
Because my water just broke.
This can't be happening.
Molly! Oh. I missed you so much.
Hey.
Thank you. Thank you
for taking care of her.
Yeah. I'm glad it
all worked out okay.
Who's that?
My daughter. Brooke.
- Oh. she's beautiful.
- Mm-hmm.
You two close?
Haven't talked to her since
I got back from Afghanistan.
Her mama thought I was too
difficult to live with.
You know. Pete. I watched
my father struggle. too.
It was hard.
You ever thought about
getting treatment?
Not interested.
Don't you want a relationship
with your daughter?
I can't be the kind of man
she needs me to be anymore.
Well. if your family saw
you putting in the effort.
it might make a difference.
I know it would've
made a difference
for me and my father.
Not all stories have
a happy ending. Cal.
Listen. Tell Maggie
I said thank you.
I'm going to be
heading out soon.
Sure thing. Pete.
Take care of yourself.
Yeah. okay.
Sydney: Maggie.
Hey.
- You scared me.
- Oh.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Just bumped my head a little.
Nothing to worry about.
And what about you-know-who?
I'm sure everything's fine.
but I will get an
ultrasound just to be safe.
Rob: Hey. Syd?
I need to get Finn back home
and check in on the diner.
I can take him if you want.
That's okay. I want to
spend some time with him.
See you.
Come on. buddy.
Looks like you and Rob worked
things out during the storm.
Actually. I think we did.
What about you and Cal?
What do you mean?
Two people alone in a
cabin with nothing to do.
We played chess.
You expect me to believe
you spent all night
with Cal Jones and
nothing happened?
Mm-hmm.
I'll be getting those
details from you later.
You can't fool me. girl.
Edna?
Oh. m'chi.
I was so worried about you.
- Your head!
- No. It's fine.
Did you hear they
found Frank and Sully?
Yeah. We talked to
Rafe on the radio.
Ah. those two.
Well. I better finish
straightening up
before they get here. You okay?
Yeah.
Maggie: Hey.
Uh. did you get Molly back okay?
Yeah. yeah.
But it turns out Pete's
decided to leave.
Oh. I was really hoping
we could get him to talk
to somebody about his PTSD.
I tried.
Hello?
I need some help over here.
Uh. what's wrong?
I've got Ellis in my car
and she's in lab our.
- Okay. Let's see.
- John. John...
Her water broke.
Cal. well. let's get
a plastic tablecloth.
bedsheets if you've got it.
- Okay. Yep.
- Towels. blanket.
You're doing so
good. just breathe.
John: It's too soon. It
hasn't been nine months yet.
It's a little premature.
but it should be fine.
I'm also going to
need a first-aid kit.
scissors. alcohol. and something
to swaddle the baby after.
John: Here. Lean back on me.
Edna: I'll radio
search and rescue.
- Edna to Connie.
- Connie: Go for Connie.
I got a camper in lab our.
We need you to send
someone right away.
- I'll send over a team.
- Copy that.
Maggie. help's on the way.
Have you done this before?
Um. a few times in med school.
You're doing great.
Just remember to keep
calm and keep breathing.
just like we planned.
This is nothing like we planned.
John: Don't worry.
The road was closed. I
didn't know where else to go.
John: Hold my hand.
You're doing great.
You did good. Lola.
Maggie's got this now.
Why don't we go outside
and leave them to it?
Yeah. You know. I
could use a little air.
Okay.
John: It's going to be okay.
Hmm.
Maggie: Okay. Ellis.
You are fully dilated.
This baby is ready to come out.
Ooh!
All right. Give me one big push.
I can feel its head.
- Push.
- Ooh!
Stop. Stop.
Why? What's wrong?
Um. I don't want you to panic.
The umbilical cord is
wrapped around his neck.
Is he going to be okay?
It just means I need to change
my approach a little. but...
Okay? Um.
Cal. I'm going to
need your help.
Yeah. Uh. what can I
do? What do you need?
I'm going to need both my hands
to slip the cord
over the baby's head
as he's being delivered.
so I'm going to need
you to help clean him
and wrap him up once he's out.
- I can do that.
- All right.
It wasn't supposed to
be happen this way.
John. I need you to
stay calm for Ellis.
- Oof.
- Okay.
All right. Ellis. I
need you to focus.
Do exactly what I tell
you when I tell you.
- Mm-hmm.
- You got it? Let's do it.
Okay.
When I tell you
to push. you push.
- When I say "stop." you stop.
- Okay.
Pushing in three. two. one.
- Push.
- Ooh!
Stop.
- Okay. good.
- John: You're doing great.
Okay. Once more.
I'm going to need to
rotate the baby's head
to clear the cord. Ready?
And push.
Ooh!
Okay. Stop. All right.
You are doing so good. Ellis.
Okay. One more. As big
as you can give me.
Your biggest push. Ready?
And go ahead.
Yep.
Good. good.
He's out. He's out.
Oh. he's perfect.
♪ I found hope ♪
He's beautiful!
♪ In the hidden light ♪
Cal: I got you.
- ♪ I learned it... ♪
-  He's okay.
I got you. Yeah.
♪ In forgotten times.
'cause it was then ♪
♪ That I found
you in the quiet ♪
Welcome to the world.
♪ Lies the truth ♪
♪ Every moment ♪
There you go. Mama.
Oh! He's so beautiful.
- ♪ Is something new ♪
- Hi. baby! Hi.
♪ But all I know ♪
♪ Is this peace in this moment ♪
Hello.
♪ And oh. now I see ♪
Oh. hi.
♪ All the things... ♪
Nuchal released
without incident.
But you might want to supply
some supplemental
oxygen just in case.
♪ I know ♪
We're lucky you were here.
♪ I know I'm home ♪
He's beautiful.
There's no damage
at Sully's. either.
You should get some rest.
I can call you
when they get here.
Ah. I can't rest. Not
till they're back.
You're going to be okay.
Mm-hmm.
- Is that them?
- Mm-hmm.
Frank! Oh.
Sully.
What were you thinking. Frank?
Nimihtaten.
You'd better be sorry.
I'm just glad you're okay.
I was so worried about you.
I never should have
left the hospital.
No. you shouldn't have.
Especially since I was
on my way to tell you
you don't have Alzheimer's.
What?
Oh. my.
Hey.
How was your shift?
Busy. Still in cleanup
from the storm.
Right. You want a beer?
Sure. please. Yeah. I would.
Thank you.
I can't stop thinking about
last night at the Outpost.
I got to see a whole
other side to you.
What's that supposed to mean?
You never even hesitated to
go after Maggie in that storm.
That is my job. Sydney.
Yeah. Well. I guess I'd never
seen you in action before.
It was pretty sexy.
Well. thank you.
I think I'm going
to go have a shower.
Here.
Let me help.
♪ I would... ♪
♪ I would own you ♪
What happened to
just being friends?
Shut up and kiss me.
♪ Ooh-ooh... ♪
♪ Ooh... ♪
Sully: So. the
forgetfulness. the falling.
that was all because of
a vitamin deficiency?
That's right.
You sure about that?
I'm sure. Sully.
I've still got time.
Um...
Uh. listen.
I need to talk to
you about something.
Okay.
This particular
vitamin deficiency
it's caused by alcohol abuse.
I found your sobriety chips
in a box in your room.
I wish you'd told me.
I couldn't.
You know. I never thought
about what it was like for you
after we left.
Why would you? You
were just a child.
I... I always blamed you.
I thought you didn't care.
I never stopped caring. Maggie.
I know.
I saw the clippings.
Maybe we can
start over.
Just put all this behind us.
I'd like that very much.
I love you. Sully.
Can't tell you how many years
I've been waiting
to hear those words.
I love you. too. Maggie.
Andrew: Maggie?
I've been calling
you since yesterday.
The phones were down.
Everybody was so
worried about you.
And we're all going
to be very happy
when you're home here.
finally. safe and sound.
Andrew. I'm actually
calling to tell you
I still need a little more time.
What are you talking about?
Do you even want this job?
To be honest.
I don't know what
I want anymore.
Sooner or later. you're going
to have to make a decision.
I know.
Just know. whatever you
decide. I'll be here.
I appreciate that. Bye.
Hey. What's the emergency?
I think I screwed up.
What do you mean?
Let's just say I had a
momentary lapse in judgment.
I'm not following.
I slept with Rafe.
So. what's the problem?
There wouldn't be a problem
if I hadn't already asked
to sign back on
with my old agency.
In New York?
I didn't realise you were
considering doing that.
Well. Rob is right.
It's time for me to start
focusing on my future.
Uh. have you told Rafe yet?
Nope.
You got to do that.
It's not going to be easy.
What about you?
What about me?
When are you going to tell
Andrew about the baby?
Oh. I think I should
probably do that in person.
Does this have anything to do
with what happened at Cal's?
We played chess.
Hmm.
Are you sure?
We kissed again.
- Yeah.
- But it was a mistake.
Was it?
It can't go anywhere. Syd.
You know that.
Why not?
You both clearly have
feelings for each other.
I'm carrying Andrew's baby.
Maybe Cal would
be okay with that.
Well. you won't know
until you talk to him.
- Sully?
- Lola.
I was so worried about you.
I know. I'm sorry.
How about you come over
later and we catch up?
Yeah. I'd love that. I
can bring over dinner.
That'd be nice.
Are you all right?
I will be once we
have a chance to talk.
Okay. See you later.
Hey.
Hey. Hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
No. Not at all.
Is there something
I can help you with?
I was actually thinking about
what you said during the storm.
about taking chances.
Okay.
I was wondering if maybe
you'd like to go for
dinner with me tonight?
I'd love to.
It's a date.
Okay.
See you later.
742 Sully: Maggie said
I'll be back to
my old self soon.
I'm so happy that you're
going to be okay. Sully.
Is something wrong?
You hardly touched your dinner.
Um...
Uh. listen.
Um. I want to talk to
you about something.
What's wrong?
I'm sorry. Sully.
It's just that I was
so worried about you.
You're the only family
that I have left.
And I don't know if
I could keep going
if anything ever
happened to you.
Okay.
I'm not quite sure I've
got the hang of this yet.
Let me show you. Come here.
And then...
Oh! Ah.
Here. Let me.
Thank you.
♪ A love like this was
written in the stars ♪
♪ Two passing ships ♪
You know. we never
did have that dance
after the land blessing.
Well. I don't think that
there's dancing here. Cal.
Sure there is.
Um...
♪ And no more nights when
I just think of you ♪
♪ I know inside ♪
Okay.
♪ You're thinking of me. too ♪
Cal: Nobody's looking.
It's just us.
♪ When the day breaks ♪
Okay. You were
right. This is nice.
♪ I will never let you go ♪
♪ Never let you go ♪
You know. you're not a bad
dancer for a handyman. Calypso.
You know what? I think it's all
about finding the right partner.
♪ I can feel it my bones ♪
♪ Feel it in my bones ♪
♪ We are meant to be ♪
♪ And it's you ♪
♪ I always want to fall into ♪
♪ Like the tide is driven ♪
♪ By the moon ♪
♪ Like I'm the one
you come back to ♪
You know. watching
you deliver that baby.
that was really something.
You were so natural.
It seemed like you knew
exactly what you were doing.
Mm-hmm. Oldest of
four. remember?
Ah.
♪ I can feel it in my bones ♪
♪ Feel it in my bones... ♪
So. you can see yourself
having kids one day. then?
♪ We are meant to be ♪
I decided a long time ago that
wasn't in the cards for me.
I hope that's not a problem.
You okay?
Mm-hmm.
♪ I'm the one you come back to ♪
Um. we should
probably get the bill.
All right. Can we
talk about this?
Oh. no. I just...
I need to head back
to give Sully his treatment.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
♪ Oh and I am ♪
♪ I'm the one you come back to ♪
Where's Edna?
Cabin four. They. uh.
needed more towels.
Oh.
Well. tried to talk to Lola.
And?
It wasn't the right time.
You know. there's
a meeting tomorrow.
I think we should go.
Hey!
- There he is.
- Hey.
Come to make sure the
place is still standing?
Hey.
I really appreciate
you looking out for this
place during the storm.
Thanks.
It's as much our home
as it is yours. Sully.
I'm just grateful
we didn't lose it.
Yeah.
- Hey.
- Hey. Why you so dressed up?
Maggie: Uh. it's not important.
- It's time for your infusion.
- Ah. Okay.
All right.
Um. Sully?
Yep?
You remember the thing
that you said you forgot?
Uh-huh.
I think I figured
out what it is.
Really? What?
Sully : "Sullivan's
Crossing Campground.
Bank auction. All bids welcome."
The Crossing's up for auction?
Edna: I can't believe it.
Sully?
Edna: How is this possible?